
When users open this app, it shows the login/register screen. If users click "REGISTER" button, the app jumps to the register screen and prompts users to enter their emails usernames and passwords to create accounts. After creating accounts or logging in successfully, the app shows users' profile by default. There are five buttons always shown at the bottom of this page: Profile, Own, Borrow, All and Request, 
On the screen of profile, it shows this user's account information and two buttons: scanner and reset. The button "RESET" allows user to reset user's password. The button "SCANNER" is used to users scan books' codes. Then users could hand over or receive a book by scanning the book ISBN code. As for the account information, users could see their usernames, emails, the number of books this user owned and the number of the books this user borrowed. 

If the users click button "Own", there is a search bar shown at the top of the screen and a list view of all books that users own and a button "CREATE" at the bottom of the screen. If users click for a long time on one book's list view, it will give users two choices: "delete" and "cancel". If users click one of the books, the app will jump to a screen which shows this book's information(such as descriptions, statuses, and current borrowers) and image(optional). Users could filtrate books by status by entering keywords of status(such as available, requested, accepted, or borrowed). "CREATE" button allows users to add a new book by entering this book's description(such as title, author, photograph(optional) and ISBN). "CREATE" button allows users to add a new book by entering this book's description(such as title, author, photograph(optional) and ISBN).When the book is created successfully, its status is available by default. There is a "EDIT" button allows owners to edit any information for this book. If users click button "Borrow", there is a search bar shown at the top of the screen , a list view of all books that users borrowed. If users click one of the books, the app will jump to a screen which shows this book's information(such as due day and statuses). There is a "RETURN" button allows borrowers to send a request to this book's owner to tell owner that I want to return your book or I want to delay the time of returning. 

If users click button "All", there is a search bar shown at the top of the screen which could filtrate all the books and a list view of all books(no matter the book is borrowed or not). If users want to borrow a book, they may click the book. And there is a general description(such as attached photograph) and some comments("wow" part)about this book. There is a "REQUEST" button on the screen. Users could click this button to send a request to its owner.

If users click button "Request", there is a search bar shown at the top of the screen, a list view of all requests that users received and sent. If users click one of the requests, the app will jump to a screen which shows the content of this request , the user who send this request and a "MAP" button. If users click "MAP" button. As a borrower, the user could see the geo location on a map of where to receive a book the borrower will be borrowing or returning. As an owner, the user could specify a geo location on a map of where to receive or give a book when owner accepts a request on the book. 